NAME
	unstickpixels - Screen loop to try to unstick stuck dots

SYNOPSIS
	unstickpixels [OPTIONS...] [--] [INTERVAL]

DESCRIPTION
	unstickpixels shall cycle the colours on the screen between
	sRGB(100 %, 0, 0), sRGB(0, 100 %, 0), and sRGB(0, 0, 100 %),
	as fast as possible, or sleep INTERVAL milliseconds between
	each switch.

	You should disable powersaving on your monitors and disable
	the screensaver whilst running this program, or otherwise
	make sure that screen loop is always displayed.

	Running this program for a number of hours, especially if
	combined with massaging defective dots, may heal defective
	dots. Dead dots (always black) are hard to revive, but
	stuck dots are more probable to get fixed.

	You must not run this program if you are epileptic. Seek
	someone else how can do it for you.

	unstickpixels uses the graphics cards' colour lookup tables
	to switch the colour displayed on the screen. If your
	computers does not supports this, the option -v may help,
	it will use the framebuffer indirectly, via the terminal.
	Unless -v is used, unstickpixels runs both in X and on the
	Linux VT.

OPTIONS
	-v	Use the Linux VT instead of the graphics cards'
		colour lookup tables (CLUT). This requires that the
		program runs under the Linux VT, otherwise known
		as the TTY. This may not work too great one all
		graphics cards, some very expensive graphics cards
		are really bad. NVIDIA is known case of this,
		why the CLUT utilisation was added.

		If you are using a graphical environment and do not
		know how to access the Linux VT, here is how you do
		it: press Ctrl+Alt+F1, if this does not open non-graphical
		login screen, press Alt+Right until you get one. To
		get back to graphical environment, hold down Alt+Right
		until it appears.

		Whilst unstickpixels may run on most systems
		(although Mir and, by Wayland's design, Wayland
		are not supported) this option is only known to
		function on Linux.

RATIONALE
	Acer/Packard Bell is not willing to repair all defects on
	my computer, but at least I can run this for several hours
	and try to revive dead pixels. Playing back a video that is
	already available on the Internet has some deficiencies:

	*	Requires a graphics card and video player that can
		play back the video in full screen mode efficiently.

	*	Requires X or a video player than can play video
		outside X efficiently.

	*	Requires the video to be downloaded if it was uploaded
		on Youtube, because Youtube does not properly support
		full screen.

	*	One video playback is required per defective monitor.

SEE ALSO
	No similar or otherwise related programs known, please
	file a bug if you know any.

	There are some similar works in form of videos available
	on the Internet.

	Full documentation available locally via: info '(unstickpixels)'

